# hist1936 = historical legacy fleets starting in 1936

* By: seawolf
* Version: 1.3
* Added to Rtmods by: cabalamat
* Date added to Rtmods: 2020-Dec-25

This mod includes 7 1936 Starts for the major world naval powers:
the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, France, Italy, Germany,
and the Soviet Union, as well as options to customize each start.

There are more than 1500 ships from over 275 different classes, as well
as historic submarine fleets, aircraft, and coastal defenses

## Instructions

To use this mod, first make sure you don't have a game in slot 6; resetting
with the Rtmods `--reset` option will achieve this.

Then install this mod.

Lastly install the mod for the country you want to play. This will install the
game start position in slot 6. The mods for each county have names begining 
with "hist1936_" followed by the country name. The countries are:

* `hist1936_france` = France
* `hist1936_germany` = Germany
* `hist1936_italy` = Italy
* `hist1936_japan` = Japan
* `hist1936_uk` = UK
* `hist1936_usa` = USA
* `hist1936_ussr` = USSR

## Change Log

### V1.0

Full Release!

### V1.1

Changes to British Capital Ships, County Classes, Shakespeare, Shiratsuyu, Langley.
Many changed images. Added Refits for Furutaka and Mogami.

### V1.2

Images removed until they can be fixed

### V1.3

Images Back in

Refits Added:
QE, Hood, Scharnhorst, Emden, Hipper, Langley, Duquesne, Standards, Ise, 
Chitose

Ships Modified:
Hood, R, QE, Bismarck, Scharnhorst, Hipper, Graf Z, Cavour, Andrea Dorea, 
Fuso, Ise, Nagato Kongo

Adjusted some dock sizes


/end/
