# semi_hist_ships = semi-historical ship designs

* By: seawolf
* Version: 1.6
* Date: 2021-Apr-21
* URL: <https://nws-online.proboards.com/thread/5623/release-semi-historical-designs-update>
* Added to Rtmods by: cabalamat
* Date added to Rtmods: 2021-Jun-09



This mod entirely revamps, replaces, and expands DDs, CLs, CAs, Bs, BBs, BCs, CVs, and CVLs across all time periods, adding or changing 445 templates.  Most of these designs come from my historic legacy fleet mods. 

Almost all of the in game designs are based off of Historical Ship designs, with the following changes
1.  Turret armor and belt armor increased in cases where ships were under-armored (See British BCs)
2.  Some speeds increased for slow ships or decreased for really fast ships (See Japanese CVs)
3.  Aircraft Capacity increased for most carrier designs
4.  Some gun caliber changes (17" late game ships instead of 16")

How this mod affects gameplay:
1.  Especially in the early years, AI ship layouts will be better (IE no 3 turret BBs)
2.  Across the entire game, AI ships will be larger, more powerful, and with less weaknesses
3.  AI Battleship design will increase displacement more rapidly than stock, meeting or surpassing player designs.  Expect to face 60,000 ton ships around 1921, as well as heavier ships in the late game.
4.  AI aircraft carriers will be much more able to hold their own, with 100 aircraft or more starting in the 1930s, a number of armored carriers, and the removal of some non-sensical 40-60 aircraft CVs
5.  The game includes many designs specific to each nation.  Expect to see British armored carriers, American standard battleships, and many other designs that will be prominent in each nations fleet.
6.  The AI will start adding AA in the late 1910s in the mod, compared to small loadouts in the mid 1920s, and full AA loadouts in the 40s from the stock game
7.  AI CLs and CAs have many of their design flaws fixed, such as short range, cramped accommodations, and other weaknesses.  They also tend to carry heavier gun batteries
8.  AI and autogenerated Fleets will no longer contain illegal designs

How this mod interacts with AI ship mods
1.  In general, this mod will make the game harder, with larger and better ships in the late game, and super battleships being introduced earlier, both compared to stock and other mods.
2.  This mod is mostly compatible with other mods, but you will need to choose which one has priority, by overwriting the files of one with another.  Note that this only applies to small percentage of ships in the mod, and most use different files

One final note:
As a result of the massive increase in ships size to its historical level, this mod will break the 1920 auto-generator, unless you install the attached file that increases dock size in the 1920 start

Feel free to leave any questions, comments, suggestions, or bug reports in this thread.

/end/
